Confusion
Level: 4
Duration: 12 rounds
Range: 120'
This spell causes 3d6 targets to become confused, making them
unable to independently determine what they will do.
Roll on the following table at the beginning of each subject's
turn each round to see what the subject does in that round.

Roll 1d10 Behavior
1-4 Attack caster's group.
5-6 Do nothing but babble incoherently.
7-10 Attack creatureÊs group.

A confused character that canÊt carry out the indicated action
does nothing but babble incoherently.

Continual Light
Level: 2
Duration: Permanent
Range: 120'
This spell is similar to the 1st level cleric spell light. A 60'
diameter sphere of light is brought into being, and is a
permanent effect. This spell can be cast on objects so that the
light is portable. This spell may be cast directly on a creature,
but the creature receives a saving throw versus spells. If
successfully cast on a creature's eyes, blindness results until the
spell is negated with dispel magic .

Dancing Lights
Level: 1
Duration: 2 rounds per level
Range: 40', +10' per level
The caster may create up to four lights that resemble either
lanterns or torches (and cast that amount of light), or up to four
glowing spheres of light (which look like will-o'-wisps), or one
faintly glowing, vaguely humanoid shape. The dancing lights
must stay within a 10' radius area in relation to each other but
otherwise move as the caster desires (no concentration
required): forward or back, up or down, straight or turning
corners, or the like. The lights wink out if the distance between
the caster and the light exceeds the spell's range, or the
duration ends.

Dimension Door
Level: 4
Duration: 1 round
Range: 10'
The caster instantly transfers himself or another creature from
its current location to any other known spot within 360'. The
being always arrives at exactly the spot desired. An unknown or
unseen place may be specified. For example, 100' south and
20' high, but if the destination is already occupied by a solid
body, the spell fails.

Mirror Image
Level: 2
Duration: 6 turns
Range: 0
Several illusory duplicates of the caster pop into being, making it
difficult for enemies to know which target to attack. The
figments stay near the caster and disappear when struck. Mirror
image creates 1d4 images. The figments mimic the caster's
actions, pretending to cast spells, drink potions, and so on.
Enemies attempting to attack the caster strike a figment. Any
attack destroys an image even if no physical contact is made,
until there are no images left.

Protection from Evil
Level: 1
Duration: 12 turns
Range: Touch
This spell wards a creature from attacks by evil creatures. It
creates a magical barrier around the subject that moves with the
subject. The subject gains a bonus to AC of –1 and a +1 bonus
on saving throws. Both these bonuses apply against attacks
made or effects created by evil creatures.

In addition, this spell prevents bodily contact by summoned or
created creatures. This causes the natural weapon attacks of
such creatures to fail, and the creatures recoil if such attacks
require touching the warded creature. However, these creatures
can attempt missile attacks. The protection against contact by
summoned creatures ends if the warded creature makes an
attack against or tries to force the barrier against the blocked
creature.

Ventriloquism
Level: 1
Duration: 2 turns
Range: 60'
For the duration of this spell the caster may make his voice
appear to come from any location or source within the spell
range.
