Cure Light Wounds (reversible)
Level: 1
Duration: Permanent
Range: Touch
When this spell is cast, the cleric touches one character or
creature (or himself) and heals it of 1d6+1 hit points of damage.
Alternatively, this spell also cures paralysis; it will not heal
damage and paralysis in the same casting. This spell cannot
grant more hit points than the beingÊs normal maximum.

Cause light wounds (reverse of cure light wounds) causes 1d6+1
hit points of damage to a being if the caster can touch the
opponent.

Sanctuary
Level: 1
Duration: 2 rounds, +1 round per level
Range: Touch
Any opponent attempting to strike or otherwise directly attack
the warded creature must attempt a saving throw versus spells.
If the save succeeds, the opponent can attack normally and is
unaffected by that casting of the spell. If the save fails, the
opponent will not attack the caster and will attack another
creature instead. However, area effects may still affect the cleric.
The cleric must not make offensive actions while this spell is in
effect, but he may cast non-offensive spells to help companions.

Protection from Evil
Level: 1
Duration: 12 turns
Range: Touch
This spell wards a creature from attacks by evil creatures. It
creates a magical barrier around the subject that moves with the
subject. The subject gains a bonus to AC of –1 and a +1 bonus
on saving throws. Both these bonuses apply against attacks
made or effects created by evil creatures.

In addition, this spell prevents bodily contact by summoned or
created creatures. This causes the natural weapon attacks of
such creatures to fail, and the creatures recoil if such attacks
require touching the warded creature. However, these creatures
can attempt missile attacks. The protection against contact by
summoned creatures ends if the warded creature makes an
attack against or tries to force the barrier against the blocked
creature.

Bless (reversible)
Level: 2
Duration: 6 turns
Range: 60'
Bless fills the caster's allies with courage, but does not affect
enemies within the affected area of 20' x 20'. Each ally gains a
+1 morale bonus and +1 on attack and damage rolls.

The reverse of this spell does not affect allies within the effect
area, and incurs penalties of –1 instead of bonuses to the rolls
indicated above.

Hold Person
Level: 2
Duration: 9 turns
Range: 180'
When this spell is cast, most humanoids become paralyzed and
freeze in place. Undead and any monster of a greater size than
an ogre are unaffected. They are aware and breathe normally
but cannot take any actions, even speech. Subjects may attempt
a saving throw versus spells. This spell can affect 1d4 beings,
but if directed at a single monster or character, the saving throw
is attempted with a –2 penalty.

Silence 15' Radius
Level: 2
Duration: 12 turns
Range: 180'
Upon the casting of this spell, complete silence prevails in a
diameter of 30 feet. All sound is stopped and conversation is
impossible. No noise whatsoever issues from the area, but noise
originating from outside the silenced area can be heard by those
within it. The spell can be cast on a point in space, but the
effect is stationary unless cast on a mobile object. The spell can
be centered on a creature, and the effect then radiates from the
creature and moves as it moves. An unwilling creature can
attempt a saving throw versus spells, and if successful the spell
takes effect in a stationary location near the creature, but the
creature may move out of the affected area.

Dispel Magic
Level: 3
Duration: Permanent
Range: 120'
When cast, spell effects within a 20' cube can be negated. All
spells cast by any spell casting class are automatically negated if
the caster is of an equal or lower level to the caster of dispel
magic. For each level an opponent is above the caster, there is
a cumulative 5% chance dispel magic does not function. For
example, if a 7th level character attempts to dispel the effects of
a spell cast by a 10th level character, there is a 15% chance
dispel magic fails.

Prayer
Level: 3
Duration: 1 round per level
Range: 0
Prayer is a more advanced form of the spell holy chant. The
function is identical, except that the area of effect is a 60'
radius. In addition, it is unnecessary for the cleric to remain
chanting. Once the spell is cast it lasts for its duration, while the
cleric may cast other spells, attack, or take other actions.

Holy Chant
Level: 2
Duration: See below
Range: 0
This spell is intoned continuously, bringing about supernatural
intervention on behalf of the cleric and party members within a
30' radius. All attacks, damage, and saving throws are made
with a +1 bonus. Likewise, all of the rolls attempted by enemies
suffer a -1 penalty. This effect continues so long as the cleric
does not move and focuses only on chanting. However, if he is
successfully attacked and dealt damage, or otherwise physically
distracted, the spell ends. The spell silence also negates the
spell.
